Mr. Second
Why are you here?
I'm a businessperson.
Where is the business going? Hahaha.
Mr. Second
Did you really sell the weapon to Wu Tian?
I must warn you
This person has done something to ruin your reputation
He not only found someone to impersonate you
And helped slander you
We are all husbands, you
Exposed him
It's really a big bow and an arrow
That's impossible.
How could he be Mr. Second Brother?
Oh buy kah
I'm so stupid that you can't be confused.
Mr. Na, don't worry.
I'll ask him to apologize to you.
Wu Tian, are you guilty?
Wu Tian
Raul himself is here
Kneel down for 5 days
You can only atone by committing suicide now
A mere Raul
You are also qualified to accept my apology
I'm going crazy
Do you know what you're talking about?
Don't kneel down and apologize
Is your death
You are crazy
This death is crazy
Don't be angry, Mr. Second
As long as the weapon is in hand
I'll help you break through the sky
Damn it, don't shut up
It seems that Mr. Lao Er has a noble status
This insult is unacceptable
Stop talking
Let's get serious
subsidy
Come on, I want to practice with you
Stop it
This damn thing
Mr. Wei
You, you got the wrong guy. Come down
Venerable Wu Clan Master
Please forgive these shameless